Update README.md (#50)
camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress: README.md

* This API allows to manage a Blockchain Public Address associated to a phone number, i.e. to retrieve the blockchain public address(es) and to bind/unbind a Blockchain Public Address. The Blockchain Public Address is utilized as Decentralized Identifier (DID). With the proposed API, telco service providers have the opportunity to provide 3rd parties with the following capability: pairing phone number with Blockchain Public Address whenever this 3rd party wants to offer its customers a way to make transactions more easily based on the phone number instead of the Blockchain Public Address.
* Describe, develop, document and test the APIs (with 1-2 Telcos)  
* Started: June 2023

## Contributing
* Meetings
  * Thursday, 13:00-14:00 CET/CEST (12:00 UTC, 11:00 UTC during European DST)

>   * [Registration / Join](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/99588511751?password=c8764d4d-32b1-4aa6-91a5-a9cf74ee1aee)

Reviewer: This link seems obsolete

* This API allows to manage a Blockchain Public Address associated to a phone number, i.e. to retrieve the blockchain public address(es) and to bind/unbind a Blockchain Public Address. The Blockchain Public Address is utilized as Decentralized Identifier (DID). With the proposed API, telco service providers have the opportunity to provide 3rd parties with the following capability: pairing phone number with Blockchain Public Address whenever this 3rd party wants to offer its customers a way to make transactions more easily based on the phone number instead of the Blockchain Public Address.
* Describe, develop, document and test the APIs (with 1-2 Telcos)  
* Started: June 2023

## Release Information
* Note: Please be aware that the project will have frequent updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until a new release is created. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is created. **For best results, use the latest available release**.

> * **The first initial release and version of Blockchain Public Address API is 0.1.0 and is available within the [release-0.1.0 branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/tree/release-0.1.0) ** There are expected changes in upcoming releases. It is addressed for early implementations, but not a stable version yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **The first initial release and version of Blockchain Public Address API is 0.1.0 and is available within the [release-0.1.0 branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/tree/release-0.1.0)** There are expected changes in upcoming releases. It is addressed for early implementations, but not a stable version yet.
```

* API definition of Blockchain Public Address API is 0.1.0 (with inline documentation):
  - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/blob/release-0.1.0/code/API_definitions/blockchain_public_address.yaml)
  - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/release-0.1.0/code/API_definitions/blockchain_public_address.yaml&nocors)
  - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/release-0.1.0/code/API_definitions/blockchain_public_address.yaml)
* All releases and pre-releases are available here https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/releases
* For changes see [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

## Contributing
* Meetings

>     * [Registration/Join](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/96846363178?password=9ebebe6c-c59c-42be-a709-7d5fd42fb626)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [Registration/Join](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/99023344259?password=cb995600-56ee-48a2-ade1-607bb10487df)
```

Reviewer: Think @wrathwolf latest link for Blockchain is this one

* This API allows to manage a Blockchain Public Address associated to a phone number, i.e. to retrieve the blockchain public address(es) and to bind/unbind a Blockchain Public Address. The Blockchain Public Address is utilized as Decentralized Identifier (DID). With the proposed API, telco service providers have the opportunity to provide 3rd parties with the following capability: pairing phone number with Blockchain Public Address whenever this 3rd party wants to offer its customers a way to make transactions more easily based on the phone number instead of the Blockchain Public Address.
* Describe, develop, document and test the APIs (with 1-2 Telcos)  
* Started: June 2023

## Release Information

> <!-- Use/uncomment one or multiple the following options -->
> <!-- Pre-releases of this sub project are available in https://github.com/camaraproject/§repo_name§/releases -->
> <!-- The latest public release is available here: https://github.com/camaraproject/§repo_name§/releases/latest -->
> <!-- For changes see [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/camaraproject/§repo_name§/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) -->
>   * [Latest Release](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/releases/latest)
>   * Release Information: Link to wiki
>     * Note: Please be aware that the project will have frequent updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until a new release is created. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is created. **For best results, use the latest available release**.
>     * **The first available release and version of Blockchain Public Address API is 0.1.0.** There are expected changes in upcoming releases. It is addressed for early implementations, but not a stable version yet.
>     * Release 0.1.0 of the API is available within the [release-0.1.0 branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/tree/release-0.1.0):
>       - API definition **with inline documentation**:
>       - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/blob/release-0.1.0/code/API_definitions/blockchain_public_address.yaml)
>       - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/release-0.1.0/code/API_definitions/blockchain_public_address.yaml&nocors)
>       - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/release-0.1.0/code/API_definitions/blockchain_public_address.yaml)

Reviewer 2: Proposal to align the Release Information with other APIs (I hope that the indentation will work as expected):

```suggestion
* Note: Please be aware that the project will have frequent updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until a new release is created. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is created. **For best results, use the latest available release**.
* **The first initial release and version of Blockchain Public Address API is 0.1.0 and is available within the [release-0.1.0 branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/tree/release-0.1.0) ** There are expected changes in upcoming releases. It is addressed for early implementations, but not a stable version yet.
* API definition of Blockchain Public Address API is 0.1.0 (with inline documentation):
  - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/blob/release-0.1.0/code/API_definitions/blockchain_public_address.yaml)
  - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/release-0.1.0/code/API_definitions/blockchain_public_address.yaml&nocors)
  - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/release-0.1.0/code/API_definitions/blockchain_public_address.yaml)
* All releases and pre-releases are available here https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/releases
* For changes see [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)
```

      - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/blob/release-0.1.0/code/API_definitions/blockchain_public_address.yaml)
      - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/release-0.1.0/code/API_definitions/blockchain_public_address.yaml&nocors)
      - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/release-0.1.0/code/API_definitions/blockchain_public_address.yaml)

## Contributing
* Meetings
    * [Registration/Join](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/96846363178?password=9ebebe6c-c59c-42be-a709-7d5fd42fb626)
    * Schedule: Bi-weekly on Thursdays, 13:00-14:00 CET/CEST (12:00 UTC, 11:00 UTC during European DST)

>     * Minutes: Access [meeting minutes](https://wiki.camaraproject.org/display/CAM/BlockchainPublicAddress).

Reviewer 2: Suggest to point directly to meeting minutes and use a "share" link:

```suggestion
    * Minutes: Access [meeting minutes](https://wiki.camaraproject.org/x/iIAuAQ).
```
